fix: resolve apis.root correctly for external urls (#1837)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/cuddly-glasses-add.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed the incorrect resolution of the `apis`' root when it is a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where `apis`' root in `redocly.yaml` was not resolved properly when the value of `root` was a URL.
```
